---
title: "Enterprise Resource Planning"
image: "/services/default.png"
---

Businesses considering an ERP solution understand the benefits of coordinating
core business functions. Making the benefits a reality requires careful
coordination of the ERP implementation itself. An ERP solution affects the
organizational structure, business culture, vital business processes and how
business interacts with Suppliers, Partners & Customers.

Yogna, Inc has helped clients bring all these elements together in ERP
solutions that provide significant enterprise-wide benefits. We meet client
expectations in following ways: Comprehensive ERP expertiseFunctional Business
Analysis

Yogna, Inc understands the business processes involved and has proven
Business-Analysis capabilities to pinpoint and eliminate obstacles that affect
organizational efficiency and profitability.

Yogna, Inc ensures that the ERP solution provides the desired results, as
measured by functionality, project timeliness, costs, quality, and value. All
of these indicators of success are built into our Project Management
Methodology, providing significant benefits to our clients.

An ERP solution will be less than effective if it's not implemented with an
enterprise perspective. Yogna, Inc analyzes how each functional ERP module will
impact the organization, formulates plans to meet desired objectives and
communicates necessary changes throughout the organization. This strategic
approach also extends to the creation of any new business model that may be
required.

Yogna, Inc provides all levels of expertise required, ranging from a supporting
role in one particular technological area or business function to complete
project management. We also customize packaged ERP solutions to give the client
a unique competitive advantage. Each Company has unique challenges that affect
an ERP implementation across the business.

Our ERP teams include highly qualified professionals skilled in all phases of
ERP implementation, including Planning and Design, Data Conversion/Migration,
Database Analysis, Performance tuning and Upgrades.
